The days passed, when zhuzhu called taromaru's dormitory telephone number, he is amazed that the telephone is shutdown and he can not make any concact with him. Taromaru can not call zhuzhu freely because of the limits of the China Mobile(XiaoXunTong) in YZSHS. He can only call three stable telephone numbers. So zhuzhu must call to his dormitory. Zhuzhu was forced to join the sports meeting group competition because everyone in class should join it. He was forced to join the turn-the-tire competition. And although the competition's champion is zhuzhu's class. But the classmates in his class complained that the class is behind when it is zhuzhu's turn. Zhuzhu did not want to join any class activities anymore. After the sports meeting,he tried to make concact with taromaru. But he heard a bad news for him - taromaru did not have got a telephone card yet. Zhuzhu lost his hope completely. And zhuzhu's mother made zhuzhu collapsed because she thought zhuzhu is not study hard both at home and school. And zhuzhu took out the phone with his shaking hands to send taromaru a message 'I will die.'. Although taromaru did not reply him, he found that the account name of taromaru has changed. And he is forced to go back to school on 16th, Oct. And there is no message taromaru had sent to zhuzhu. Although the distance between the two of them is less than a kilometer, they can not meet each other anymore. Or maybe it is a unrequited love for zhuzhu. Zhuzhu can see taromaru in 1 kilometers but can not meet him. And it is the within sight but beyond reach taromaru. Zhuzhu can not help crying with the phone that displays the picture was taken in his junior high with taromaru and zhuzhu.
