The week started, zhuzhu's head teacher announced he will face tests which hold twice a month after he go back to school. And there is no more holiday for him, his holiday will be cut in only 20 hours within 8 hours sleep at home. And the test's result and his grade rank will be sent to his mother's phone via messages. The head of grade has been see zhuzhu as a senior 3 student even a dog instead of a senior 1 student through these decisions. So he regretted to sign up for NBFLS Qiangji class instead give up and choose YZSHS. And he wants to go to YZSHS now. Zhuzhu once expected that taromaru can call his dormitory, but there is no sense that taromaru will call it anymore. And zhuzhu once expected the miracle will happen on him. However, there is no miracle will happen on him. He gave up the hope of life completely. Why is it so difficult for zhuzhu and taromaru to meet? And there is no sense that taromaru will concact him anymore. He has given up the hope for the future. Although he needs taromaru's help, he is very hesitant to decide whether call his dormtory's telephone or not. He decided not to call taromaru anymore because he does not want to disturb taromaru's life in YZSHS. Under such a great pressure the parents and NBFLS gave, he felt suffocated. And he can only survive for two weeks. That's why he decided to suicide two weeks later. It is the final decision that zhuzhu will suicide in Nov 4th,2022. He wanted to make concact with taromaru but there is no hope. He wanted to ask for help but there is no one can help him. He have to pretend to be a little positive and hide his emotion in his class because if he expressed his mood, he will be sent to the psychology teacher quickly and be seen as a strange people and he will be blamed by his head teacher and his classmates about spreading the negative feelings. He only told the plan to his two friends in NBFLS. They were surprised by his decision and started to dissuade him not to suicide. But zhuzhu started to prepare for his suicide. Only taromaru can save him and this isn't threatening taromaru with death to meet him. He just need some company and comfort, which his parents can not give him. And he thought it is the best decision for the situation he had to face now.
