Then is the start of senior high school. Zhuzhu went to NBFLS lonely. While taromaru went to YZSHS. There is only one in his class to go to NBFLS. And he can not feel any sense of belonging. And his head of grade, also his maths teacher made a very big stress on him. He is forced to take tests regularly and have shorter holidays than other senior high school in Ningbo, zhuzhu did not want to have the school life like this. And taromaru is very free while zhuzhu is having these stress. Zhuzhu must try to keep up with his classmates or he will be kicked out of Qiangji class relentlessly. This is the harsh reality and zhuzhu can not change it. So he must struggle in the ocean of study over and over again. And his parents gave him a very high hopes. They want zhuzhu to get into Zhejiang University. He must prepare for it in the start of the senior high and he can not refuse it. Then zhuzhu's mother makes a call to his dormitory everyday to check out whether he had done his homework and extra homework or not. Zhuzhu is very irritable about this. And he always thought about the taromaru, the happy taromaru in YZSHS. He started to have a little reget to sign up for NBFLS Qiangji class. He did not have any friends in his class. Although he has made two good friends. But they are not as good as taromaru because they had not known well with each other. Zhuzhu is very grateful to their company. But he needs taromaru's company now. On weekends, when zhuzhu played computer(or coding), his mother will insult him with many dirty words like 'Have you done your homework?' 'You are not as good as others and I did not sign up the extracurricular tuitions for you. Why do you play on the computer every day?' 'Your grades is not as good as your classmates now. You must spend more time than your classmates so that you can exceed thems!' and so on. These dirty words are kept in zhuzhu's mind. And he eagered to meet taromaru.
