It finally comes 1st,Oct. Zhuzhu was waiting taromaru at home happily. But after the time they appointed, there is no sense that taromaru will come. So he opened the social application and tried to concact taromaru. Taromaru said that his mother deny him to use smart phones. And his mother has seen zhuzhu as a fiend. So they can not make any concact anymore. Zhuzhu felt the nightmare came again at that night. He tried to suicide himself again but failed. He is suffering from what he had done that sent taromaru into the abyss. He tried to save himself and struggled over and over again. And on the morning of Oct 2nd, he did several self-rating depression scale and was surprised to see that he is in major depressive disease. And he finally decided to find taromaru. He found three places taromaru probably in. And stopped at his mother's shop at last. He must face taromaru's mother or he can not meet taromaru. He has known that taromaru's mother has seen him as a fiend. So he is very hesitant in front of taromaru mother's shop. However, a old woman had seen this and asked him what had happened and sent him into taromaru mother's shop. Taromaru's mother was surprised about the come of zhuzhu. And when zhuzhu wanted taromaru to have a private talk. She became very suspicious and asked taromaru when and where they will have a talk. Taromaru said impatiently and then they had a talk in the private area. After hearing zhuzhu's condition, he said 'I despise people who commit suicide because they have no sense of responsibility.' Zhuzhu thought it is right. And they talked about the new experiences among their new senior high school. At last, taromaru said that he will buy a mobile phone which is not smart so that he can make concact with zhuzhu regularly and can able to make appointments with zhuzhu. After these, zhuzhu's mood became a little better. If he did not go to taromaru mother's shop or he is not in the world now. And there is a little hope for zhuzhu. Taromaru said that he will write poems and give zhuzhu as a gift. And zhuzhu can see hope at that time.
